Update user-deletion-and-suppression.md (#4473)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/user-deletion-and-suppression.md

To create a suppression regulation and add a `userId` to this list, click **Suppress New User**, and enter the `userId` in the field that appears. Then click **Request Suppression**.

> Segment creates a `SUPPRESS` regulation, and adds the `userId` to your suppression list within 24 hours. But the suppression request can take up to 30 days to process. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segment creates a `SUPPRESS` regulation, and adds the `userId` to your suppression list within 24 hours. Note that the suppression request can take up to 30 days to process. 
```
